# MLPACK

https://www.mlpack.org/

## Setup

```
$ sudo apt install libcereal-dev libarmadillo-dev libensmallen-dev
```

## Advice from ChatGPT4

Whether to use mlpack or another library or plugin really depends on
your specific needs and constraints. Here are some factors to
consider:

Functionality: If you need advanced machine learning algorithms beyond
k-means clustering, then mlpack may be a good choice as it provides a
wide range of machine learning algorithms. If you only need k-means
clustering, then there may be simpler or more lightweight libraries or
plugins available that can do the job.

Programming language: mlpack is a C++ library, so if you are more
comfortable with other programming languages such as Python, R or
Java, you may prefer a library or plugin that supports your preferred
language.

Integration: If you are already using a particular software platform
or framework, such as MATLAB or TensorFlow, it may be easier to use a
library or plugin that integrates well with that platform or
framework.

Performance: If you need to process large amounts of data or need to
achieve high performance, then you may want to consider a library or
plugin that is optimized for performance, such as CUDA-accelerated
libraries.

In general, mlpack is a powerful and flexible library for machine
learning in C++. It has good documentation and a supportive community,
so if you need a range of machine learning algorithms in C++, it may
be a good choice. However, for simpler tasks such as k-means
clustering, there may be simpler or more lightweight libraries or
plugins available.

## Articles

### KMeans

https://cppsecrets.com/users/489510710111510497118107979811497495464103109971051084699111109/C00-MLPACK-KMeans.php
https://www.analyticsvidhya.com/blog/2019/08/comprehensive-guide-k-means-clustering/

### Armadillo

https://arma.sourceforge.net/docs.html
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/64590176/iterating-over-armamat-and-retrieving-element-locations

